# Operating-Platforms
For the project "The Gaming Room" the requirements was the client "The Gaming Room" wanting to expand their game called "Draw It Or Lose It" to all forms of devices to be able to play for many different types of users. It helped to be able to have a structure to reference when doing the code to really understand specifically what the comapny wanted and what it would take to get the code running. I find it helpful when I know exactly what the requirements are so that there is no room for error and that when the product is finished to what my liking would be I can run through a checklist that will tell me if it has all of the requirements that is expected of it, so that I can turn it in knowing that it does everything that it should.

I feel like in terms of this project I was really able to get down the expectations when it comes to using the game on the different devices and getting a better understanding of what the different devices are and what would be required to get the program to run. I feel this because throughout my life I have used each of the software like IOS, Windows, and Linux, and have at least a solid understanding on how each of them work and what it would take to get a program to run and work on each of them. This helped me understand the users needs and cater to what I believe they would want to see out of the product. This is very important in my eyes considering that the user is going to be the one that ends up paying and using the software. Without them there would really not be much point in creating the software in the first place.

There are many games out there that do not take into consideration the wants of the user, and those are the ones that end up flopping. In the future I plan to use the same types of methods that I used for the development of this application to use on future software programs. Some techniques that I found vital were to plan out what I wanted to do and have it written. Then go step by step on what would be needed to meet those goals. I would then take the code in chunks and be able to separate them out so that I could go back to an individual piece and revise it if necessary. I think this is important as it will allow you to create goals for yourself to progress and keep yourself motivated. it will also allow you to go back to specific areas in the case that there are errors so that you can revise them easily.
